left:black:800px
Hi, bro. I'm happy you're finally home from the hospital!

Why am I dressed like this? Well, I wanted to see if my favorite brother could still get his dick hard after he lost his only ball!

I know it's my fault, silly! I mean, that sacktap was *epic*, so, literally no regrets. I had my pointiest boots on, and I could *feel* the moment your nut popped between my toe and your pelvic bone. Just like, *kerrrPOP*! No more babies for you!

God, I got you *so* good. I mean, we've been pranking each other for years, but this was a whole other level. Especially because you've been so worried about losing your nut like, your *whole* life.

I guess being born with just one gave you kind of a complex, didn't it? 'Castration anxiety', your therapist called it?

I guess I cured that complex for good! One little kick did what decades of therapy couldn't. Nothing to worry about down there anymore! No more anxiety! You're welcome!

OMG, did the doctors really say that if you'd gotten to them earlier, they could've saved your nut? *HAHAHAHA* that's hilarious.

No, I told you, I was busy with friends; I didn't have time to call 9-11. Plus, I had to edit and post the video of you on the floor online before I forgot. 

You should watch it! You're all curled up on the floor, screaming and begging for help, while me and my friends are just like, *roasting* you for losing your balls! Well, ball, I guess. You're passed out the whole time of course. The pain was really too much for ya, wasn't it?

Oh, heads up: You actually had this like, super weird involuntary orgasm while you were napping. Yeah, it was *so* gross. I got it on the video, you can see the stain all over the front of your jeans.

No, I didn't bother saving any of your sperm. Why?

Ok, seriously, there's no point worrying about that now. What's past is past. And it looks like your sex life is officially over - even with me dressed like this, your little dick is still as limp as a dead fish!

You used to jack off to me all the time, didn't you? I guess those days are over now, bro! Don't worry, I'll continue the family line for mom and dad LMAO.
